Add post: letting candidates deal with references (#733)
DFE-Digital/bat-design-history: app/posts/apply-for-teacher-training/2022-10-27-letting-candidates-deal-with-reference-requests-after-accepting-an-offer.md

{% from "email/macro.njk" import appEmail %}

We’ve [changed the references process](/changing-the-reference-process-to-make-it-easier-for-candidates-to-submit-applications) so that candidates do not need to receive references before they submit their application. They instead need to give details of 2 people who can give a reference.

When they accept an offer, candidates are given the chance to change these details before the requests are sent out.

## The issue

Previously a candidate had to request and receive references before submitting their application. Once they’d requested references they could click into the references task in their application to:

- check the status of their reference requests
- add reference requests
- cancel reference requests
- send reminders to people who they’d asked for references but who had not given one yet

Candidates now only need to request references after they accept an offer. They cannot click into the task in their application because they’ve already submitted it.

We needed to design a way for candidates to deal with their reference requests after accepting an offer.

## What we changed

> After the candidate has accepted an offer, they’re taken to a page with the h1 heading ‘Your teacher training course’. They will return to the same page if they leave the service and sign in again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the candidate has accepted an offer, they’re taken to a page with the title ‘Your teacher training course’. They will return to the same page if they leave the service and sign in again.
```
